Added changelog for image evaluation (#38907)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/evaluation/azure-ai-evaluation/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.0 (2024-12-12)

### Features Added

> - Added image support in content safety evaluators. Image URL or base64 encoded image can be passed in as part `conversation` input to the evaluators. See below for an example:

Reviewer: Can you add all of the individual evaluator class names?

Reviewer: Also add a note on all the multimodal evaluators that will be removed soon and recommend users to move to the core evaluators for all image/multimodal capabilties.

        },
        {
            "role": "user",
            "content": [
                {"type": "text", "text": "Can you describe this image?"},
                {
                    "type": "image_url",
                    "image_url": {
                        "url": "https://cdn.britannica.com/68/178268-050-5B4E7FB6/Tom-Cruise-2013.jpg"
                    },
                },
            ],
        },
        {
            "role": "assistant",
            "content": [
                {
                    "type": "text",
                    "text": "The image shows a man with short brown hair smiling, wearing a dark-colored shirt.",
                }
            ],
        },
    ]
}
print("Calling Content Safety Evaluator for multi-modal")
score = evaluator(conversation=conversation)
```

- Please switch to generic evaluators for image evaluations as mentioned above. `ContentSafetyMultimodalEvaluator`, `ContentSafetyMultimodalEvaluatorBase`, `ViolenceMultimodalEvaluator`, `SexualMultimodalEvaluator`, `SelfHarmMultimodalEvaluator`, `HateUnfairnessMultimodalEvaluator` and `ProtectedMaterialMultimodalEvaluator` will be deprecated in the next release.

### Bugs Fixed

> - Removed `[remote]` extra. This is no longer needed when tracking results in Azure AI Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `[remote]` extra. This is no longer needed when tracking results in Azure AI Foundry portal.
```
